what happens families and like welcome
again my channel and welcome to a
new video of 'dragon ball' but bears
and good basically what we 're going to do
in this video it will be reset the
Third and good skills
he got and at 7 o'clock the seven o'clock
seven dragon balls and I get ready to
ask for the wish which is going to make it
restore all my points or my
attributes to be able to make me a good
character of a damn time given that
well it's time since good I 'll go
to teach is worth attributes as you can see
I have everything balanced so to speak
so what I'm going to do, I'm going to
do body-to-body physical according
then what we are going to upload
basically it's going to be obviously the
super hits the basic attacks the kily
the resistance and health but good what
first what super cool the first thing would be
the super punches then it would also be
health and who and resistance and attacks
basic then good
let's go to it and see how it goes
that the change comes out quite well and
good to this we are going to invoke without rum and
let's see there is how I like this
cinematic guys and I love it is
awesome I've been going to finish the
time I've been to get the
damn balls or has there been I've had
lucky one moment because I have been two
of blows has done to kill a homeland
of time has given me the dragon ball
and is right next patrolman me
like to give another dragon ball was like
wow I do not believe it and right after it is
had to be like 15 minutes or 20
minutes until he has given me another ball
of dragon so it has been wat vale and we are going to
see what was this I want another
opportunity in life so good
let's go there let's give it yes and now
you can restart and reassign the points
and distributed attributes perfect
thank you very much in rne and see you in the
next voucher let's go to
to put in the dots is worth I've already
spent the seven dragon balls already
is the sun of seop and good too
I wanted to put the attributes right
because the second one is going to come out
dlc and load the second dlc well
I want to be prepared to release the
level 85 and to end the good ones the
missions that are going to put us the
second dlc et cetera etcetera then
we improve attributes and good and beige 237
points is worth then let's start with
the super good as you see with the suit
I'm wearing
these little things are enhanced here
then well let's boost super
hits is worth while I wait for your moment
see the team let's see the super
blows super blows super blows like
You see, it's totally empowered
the super hits is perfect
go ahead just in case I wanted it good in
end super blows we're going to get him to
are these points there I shit on everything
we go
the super hits we're going to put 80 god
holy
to 80 worth basic attacks let's put
the good thing to see is that basic attacks
let's put it in let's put it in 50
more or less
more than 50 here and health is worth here comes
what's important we're going to distribute the kit
as well
the one that I need also enough here
resistance I do not care so much put
that I'm not going to look for the super saiyan either
You know then, well, let's put
obviously the resistance because you have to
put resistance let's put 20 and 37
of life I think it will be fine as well
the truth
I do not know whether to remove some point from some
side I do not know to see if to remove
let's remove two here two here
41 from here
we will leave
to remove from here let's put
to put five in super bursts and also
put something not and well basically
so my character would be right now
truth that you already see physical butt although
the truth is that I do not know if I should
elk and life especially life
Health
I do not know the truth but good anyway
I think it's good, well, tell me
you think
what do you think in the comments
if you want that I have done wrong in putting myself
well the attributes or so on and so on
to save there is and well I hope that
now my character hits more and good in
As for skills
the truth that I continue with them is that
the meteor shock is very broken is
very broke in this bust and good now
same good I have in the attack shine
end of the super change me to positions but
well, this is obviously going to change
getting ready for pvp and other things
nothing more family I hope that I have
liked this video I just wanted you
teach then the reset of cus third and
I just hope you liked it if
it has been like that so dale I like to comment
share the video and see you in the
next goodbye